matplotlib.pyplot.bar(x, height, width=0.8, bottom=None, *, align='center', data=None, **kwargs)

Make a bar plot.
The bars are positioned at x with the given alignment. Their dimensions are given by width and height. The vertical baseline is bottom (default 0).
Each of x, height, width, and bottom may either be a scalar applying to all bars, or it may be a sequence of length N providing a separate value for each bar.


Parameters:
x : sequence of scalars
The x coordinates of the bars. See also align for the alignment of the bars to the coordinates.
height : scalar or sequence of scalars
The height(s) of the bars.
width : scalar or array-like, optional
The width(s) of the bars (default: 0.8).
bottom : scalar or array-like, optional
The y coordinate(s) of the bars bases (default: 0).
align : {'center', 'edge'}, optional, default: 'center'
Alignment of the bars to the x coordinates:
'center': Center the base on the x positions.
'edge': Align the left edges of the bars with the x positions.
To align the bars on the right edge pass a negative width and align='edge'.
Returns:
container : BarContainer
Container with all the bars and optionally errorbars.
Other Parameters:
color : scalar or array-like, optional
The colors of the bar faces.
edgecolor : scalar or array-like, optional
The colors of the bar edges.
linewidth : scalar or array-like, optional
Width of the bar edge(s). If 0, don't draw edges.
tick_label : string or array-like, optional
The tick labels of the bars. Default: None (Use default numeric labels.)
xerr, yerr : scalar or array-like of shape(N,) or shape(2,N), optional
If not None, add horizontal / vertical errorbars to the bar tips. The values are +/- sizes relative to the data:
scalar: symmetric +/- values for all bars
shape(N,): symmetric +/- values for each bar
shape(2,N): Separate - and + values for each bar. First row
contains the lower errors, the second row contains the upper errors.
None: No errorbar. (Default)
See Different ways of specifying error bars for an example on the usage of xerr and yerr.
ecolor : scalar or array-like, optional, default: 'black'
The line color of the errorbars.
capsize : scalar, optional
The length of the error bar caps in points. Default: None, which will take the value from rcParams["errorbar.capsize"].
error_kw : dict, optional
Dictionary of kwargs to be passed to the errorbar method. Values of ecolor or capsize defined here take precedence over the independent kwargs.
log : bool, optional, default: False
If True, set the y-axis to be log scale.
orientation : {'vertical', 'horizontal'}, optional
This is for internal use only. Please use barh for horizontal bar plots. Default: 'vertical'.